---
id: "setup/sinks/aws_s3"
title: "Collect Docker logs & send them anywhere"
description: "A guide to quickly, and correctly, collect Docker logs and send them anywhere."
keywords: ["docker"]
---

> "I just wanna, like, collect my Docker logs and grep them -- why is all of this so complicated?"
>
> — developers

So you want to collect your Docker logs and send them somewhere? Sounds simple!
Sadly, it is not. First, there are many different opinionated ways on how to
"properly" collect your Docker logs. Second, there are many caveats, such as
parsing, enriching, handling split log messages, and more. Fear not! This guide
will get you up and running in minutes, all without becoming a Docker logging
expert.

<!--
     THIS FILE IS AUTOGENERATED!

     To make changes please edit the template located at:

     website/guides/setup/sinks/aws_s3.md.erb
-->

## What We'll Accomplish In This Guide

<ol className="list--checks list--lg list--semi-bold list--primary">
  <li>Collect Docker logs.</li>
  <li>Filter which containers you collect them from.</li>
  <li>Parse, structure, and enrich your logs with Docker context.</li>
  <li>Send them to one or more destinations.</li>
  <li className="list--li--arrow list--li--pink">All in just a few minutes. Let's get started!</li>
</ol>

## A Step-By-Step Tutorial

<ol className="sections sections--h3">
<li>

### Send Logs to AWS S3

Now that we have Vector up and running, let's send the logs to S3.

<ol className="sections sections--h4">
<li>

#### Ensure Vector has write permission to your S3 bucket

Depending on how you're deploying Vector, you'll want to make sure Vector has write access to your AWS S3 bucket. Setting up AWS permissions is covered in a separate guide. Fortunately, Vector implements healthchecks, and will verify access before starting.


</li>
<li>

#### Add the `aws_s3` sink to your `vector.toml` file

```bash
echo '...' > vector.toml
```

Now start Vector like you did previously:

```bash
start_vector
```

Tada! You've successfully sent $source logs to S3.



</li>
</ol>

</li>
</ol>



